Alice is still so fucking mad.
I know. It stinks.
Look. if she wants to stay
in touch with this guy. fine.
I guess I gotta live with it. But
it doesn't mean that I have to.
I get it. I'm
totally on your side.
I appreciate that. but I know that
you're also obsessed with Alice.
Are you gonna be able to be
on my side when she's around?
Of course. No problem.
Okay.
I just don't know what
she wants from me.
I want you to do more.
You should do more.
I can tell that Louis
is still struggling.
You help every other person on the
planet. Why can't you help him?
What the fuck. Jimmy?
Liz. nice seeing ya.
Yeah. I should go.
Look. if he's struggling so much.
he should go talk to somebody.
Dad. you know it would mean
so much more coming from you.
Mom would have helped him.
It's not gonna be me.
- Okay.
- So can we all just please stop yelling?
And yes. I know. I'm the only
one yelling. so I'll stop.
It doesn't matter.
I'm more sad than mad anyways.
Alice. please don't do this.
You're not the person
I thought you were.
I'm sorry I caved so quickly.
Seriously. Liz?
Oh. fuck.
No. the last time we were all together
was at your daughter's wedding.
- Remember that?
- Yes.
Oh. my God. What a
crazy time that was.
- Oh. hey.
- Hey.
What's going on here?
Are we running a beauty pageant?
Who are these fucking people?
When we decided to live together
you did know that I have friends?
Yeah. I did. I just
didn't wanna believe it.
You forget to take your meds?
I took my meds. but they're not
lasting as long as they usually do.
I called Sykes and her receptionist
said she's fully booked up.
so I'm just gonna drop in. She
loves it when I surprise her.
You really think that
she has a thing for you?
Well. she's a human
female. right?
Nice to see you. ladies.
Thanks.
- Bye.
I hate them.
Okay. then.
Sorry Ava went with the other
couple. How are you guys doing?
Well. Charlie's taking it hard.
I'm more stable.
Yes. you've demonstrated
that time and time...
We'll never find a baby.
Again.
I was going to say again.
I don't want this anymore.
I found it after our meeting with Ava.
but now it's tainted by her rejection.
So you can give it to
her. or you can burn it.
I don't care. Just want her to
know there's no hard feelings.
But definitely burn it.
maybe send her the ashes.
Look. I'm making sure your brochure
gets seen by lots of other mothers.
We have someone expecting twins.
Can we take them both and then after
a year decide which one we wanna keep?
You cannot.
That's an insane question.
We have a 38-year-old woman...
A grandma baby. Great.
What's it nurse on?
Dust?
- Hey.
- Hi.
Oh. thank God. Charlie's here.
- Sorry. I'm late.
- Please.
You are worth the wait.
Slut.
Oh. my God. Babies everywhere.
- Here you go. Hope that cheers you up.
- Thank you.
Yeah.
Oh. shit. I gotta go.
Close the truck up for
me and that's free.
Why do people keep confusing
me for a helpful person?
I have no idea.
Where you off to?
I'm kinda seeing
someone. It's casual.
She's super busy. so when she
has the time. I make it work.
Oh. my God. You're a boy toy.
Yeah. you definitely
have a glow lately.
Yeah. truck's making money.
I'm crushing in therapy.
Only bummer is. I always
gotta go to her place.
I can't really take
her to the pool house.
Have you thought of moving out?
I'd love to. but it's really hard
to find another spot with a pool
that's only $65 a month.
He only charges you $65?
That's as much as one
of my massage add-ons.
Your rent is a lavender scrub.
We'll finish up.
Go to your maiden.
Thank you. guys. Keys
are in the truck.
Brian. I'ma spread the word that
you love doing people favors.
I hope you can't perform.
Sexually!
I got it.
Pill o'clock.
It's time to take your meds.
I'll go grab you some water.
- Thank you. sweet angel.
- Of course.
That's cute. I
love pill o'clock.
Mom. Nikki seems like
a dope-ass nurse.
She's an angel. like the
daughter I never had.
Well. as one of the
daughters you do have.
would you maybe wanna do dinner
at my place next Thursday?
You know. I may be serving a
turkey 'cause it's Thanksgiving.
Court's coming. It'd mean a
lot to me if you came too.
Well. like you said. you know. I'm
much happier here in my own house.
closer to my
friends and my life.
I think I'll just go
dive into all that.
Thank you. sweetie pie.
Enjoy your turkey.
All right. well. go on
ahead and be stubborn.
I will break you.
I mean. I'm not gonna
break her physically.
I mean. I'm gonna break her
emotionally. like a horse.
Not better.
Anyway. thank you
for helping us out.
I know she can be a bit tricky.
Actually. I think she's
handling it really well.
being abandoned by her daughter.
- Excuse me?
- I'm sorry.
I get sensitive
because I lost my mom.
and I didn't take care of
her when I should have.
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
I'm fucking with you.
My mom lives with me
because I'm a decent person.
Dr. Sykes. hi.
Paul. what are you doing here?
I went by your office
and your new assistant said that
you knocked off a little early
and came over here for a drink.
She shouldn't have
told you that.
Well. in her defense. I did
tell her that I was your dad.
Okay. what's the emergency?
Well. I noticed that my meds don't
seem to be suppressing my tremors
as well as they used to.
So I'm worried that my meds
are losing their efficacy.
Let's not jump to
the worst case.
There could be other factors.
Lack of sleep. anxiety.
Any new stress in
your life recently?
Well. my old neurologist
moved in with me.
and just between you and me.
I said that I knew she had
friends. but I had no idea.
Okay. how about you come in for
a proper appointment tomorrow?
Thanks.
Sup. Paul.
Well. if she can't have
me. guess it makes sense.
So. anyway. that's how I got kicked
off of the group Slack channel.
but the main thing that I
wanted to tell you about
is worse than the
Whole Foods incident...
I'm... Are you even listening?
I was not. sorry.
I'm in my head about
some personal stuff.
But watch. doctoring
in three. two. one. go.
No. now you're paying too much
attention. just find a middle ground.
- Better.
- Great.
Okay. so my neighbor. Jack. he
lost his dog. Bandit. right?
Which is super sad. He
put up signs everywhere.
Good news. I found Bandit.
But as I was waiting for Jack to come
home I started to play with Bandit.
and then I took him to the
park and we really connected.
Anyway. I ended up
not giving him back.
So that was. what. yesterday?
Nine days ago.
and I probably should've said
something about it at our last session.
Well. we only had an hour.
What should I do?
Give the dog back. Wally.
Well. is there an option B?
Yes. there is actually.
give the dog back.
Either one works.
Fine. But he's gonna miss his play
date with a really submissive corgi.
and those are very hard to find.
That's a sex thing?
Oh. yeah.
Otherwise. I'm still struggling with
eating by myself at restaurants.
Somebody once told me it's like
defecating in public 'cause it's...
You shouldn't be doing it.
You know what the worst
thing about kids are?
Yeah. they get all your
money when you die.
I'm not sure why
that's a negative.
No. I was going to say that
they have this amazing ability
to cut you to your core and
then just go on with their day.
No. Paul. I just wanna
complain about Alice.
Please don't do that thing
where you look out the window
and get all philosophical.
You ever think the world puts
two people together for a reason?
Okay.
You're the one that's always
saying that we're so alike.
maybe you're right.
Meg and I were estranged
because I couldn't forgive myself
for fucking up in the past.
just like you can't forgive
yourself for failing Alice.
Well. I'm getting there.
No. you're not.
Thanks to Alice. I've
got an open slot.
It's not therapy. it's
just chats in the park.
You bring me Fun
Dip and a new hat.
I appreciate the
offer. but I am good.
- You know what's insane?
- What. Paul?
The worst thing in the world that
could happen. happened to you.
You didn't ask for help.
You just numbed yourself
with drugs and booze.
buried yourself
in your patients.
Sure. some other people
snuck in to help.
Liz took care of Alice.
I tricked her into therapy.
I thought you just
said they were chats.
Yo. ready to get our talk on?
In a second.
You know the difference between
you and all our patients?
Just by coming in here.
they show they have the courage
to get the help they need.
By the way. we good?
Yeah. we're good.
If it doesn't work out with my doctor.
Jimmy's got a dentist you can bang.
- Do you?
- He's not a real dentist.
He's just a guy who'd give you a few
bucks to put his fingers in your mouth.
You're a weird guy. Jimmy.
It's gonna be hot next week.
and Derrick and I are thinking about
going to Rowdy Rapids in Palm Springs.
You guys in?
A water park?
I'm not a huge fan of swimming
in other people's urine.
You know my niece got
syphilis at that place.
No. she didn't.
Your niece is a ho.
Both things can be true.
She did have sex
in the lazy river.
Well. Derrick and I actually
bonded over being garbage people.
so party cruises. Crocs
and socks. pro wrestling.
We think the
trashier the better.
Yeah. yesterday for
dinner. we had Taco Bell.
hooked up. and
then got it again.
We call that a "booty
burrito bang-bang."
Oh. yeah.
There's a move I'd like to try.
Babe. nothing makes me drier
than the word "chalupa."
Hey. did you convince your mom to have
Thanksgiving with you and your sis?
- Not yet.
- Yeah. she'll come around.
What about you guys.
what are you guys doing?
I thought you knew. w...
We're just. we're spending
it with our boys...
pumping 'em full of yams.
That's... Weird way to
phrase that but enjoy.
- I'm gonna head out. Bye.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- Have a good day.
You too.
I hate it when you give me the look.
You know lying gives me reflux.
- It's her.
- I'm sorry.
I just haven't decided
if he's invited yet.
Enough of this.
It's time to make a
list of pros and cons.
Fine. all right. Pros.
he makes me laugh.
he knows all the
lyrics to "Tubthumping"
and I can be myself around him.
He also gives the
best back rubs.
It's Gaby's list. babe.
- Oh. right.
- Okay. cons.
Honestly. the only one I can think
of is he's so hot he steals focus.
Be braver. you're taking a
gift away from all of us.
- Oh. hey.
- Hi.
- You ready to go?
- Yeah.
- Gaby's just telling us
why we can't invite her
Derrick to Thanksgiving.
- Too hot. might steal focus.
- He gets it.
Cowards. Come on. Let's go.
- Bye.
- Shallow.
- Geez.
- Wait.
so she had sex in a lazy river?
- In a tube. Yeah.
- What? How'd she do that?
- Just booty through the hole?
- That's what the picture looked like.
- She wear a snorkel?
- I didn't see a face.
My buddy. Tom.
owns this building.
I've been thinking about purchasing
this unit as an investment.
- Thoughts?
- Yeah. this place is awesome.
Love the location.
love all this light.
Yeah. buy this place. bro.
Well. I can't flip it for
a year for tax reasons.
but I was thinking. hell. this
could be your place until then.
Look. it needs some sprucing up.
you could oversee all that and. you
know. pay me a hundred bucks a month.
In massage terms. that's a
salt scrub and a hand job.
But you should
never mix those two.
- Derek. this is too much.
- You'd be helping me out. I mean it.
Also. look at this.
marble countertops.
nice and cool on the
tush for your sex friend.
There's also a
doorman and a gazebo.
- It is nice on your tush. Yeah.
- Oh. yeah.
Hey. what do you think?
I just... I'm sorry.
I gotta go.
Doing nice things for people. bit
more of a drag than I expected.
Jimmy. you know. when most people
call to catch up. they say.
"How are you?" Not. "Have
you forgiven yourself?"
Oh. thanks for coming by. Yeah.
They're not buying. and I
blame you for distracting me.
Didn't I hear you say a
couple was murdered there?
Yes. but it wasn't. like. a serial
killer thing. the son did it.
- It's safe.
- True.
I mean. it's not like he
has other parents to kill.
Yeah. and this would be the
last place he would hide.
That'd be stupid.
Actually. that would be smart.
Shit.
Look. I know it was a
strange way to start a call.
but if you were able
to forgive yourself.
I would love to
know how you did it.
It's gotten better with time.
but I still lie awake some nights
and think about what I did.
And my friend saw Donny. She
said he's still struggling.
I mean. don't get me
wrong. he's the worst.
but it would give me
peace if he was okay.
Is that fucked up?
No.
- No. I wish I could help you.
- Yeah. I wish you could help too.
Bye.
One. two.
okay. keep going. three...
I know how to count. Would
you shut the fuck up?
Hello. sunshine.
Fuck.
I had Gaby drive me
since I had to bring somebody
that you're not sleeping with.
Well. we just met. give it time.
Okay. well. based on
the initial results.
I am concerned that your meds are
starting to become less effective.
Unfortunately. you're
already at maximum dosage.
I got it.
But hey. there are adjustments we can
make with diet and physical therapy
- to start to mitigate...
- Yeah. how long before
the meds don't work
at all and I'm...
always a shaky mess?
It depends on the individual. but
I'd guess six months to a year.
Well. that fucking sucks.
Yeah. it does.
Do you wanna talk about it?
Not even a little.
Onward.
Thank you.
Donny. if I were to
sum you up as a person.
I would say that
you're a piece of shit.
Don't be offended. I can't be the
first person to say that to you.
How many times today?
- Five.
- Five. there you go.
That's good counting.
Look. you and I. we've
had our issues. huh?
You beat the shit out of me.
I called you fugly. you didn't know
that. but I kinda want you to know.
You also think I told your
wife to push you off a cliff
because I did tell her that.
Do you have a fucking point?
I know that you're suffering.
and I think that I can help you.
And I really do think that we could
transform you to the point that I...
I doubt even Grace
would recognize you.
- Okay.
- Holy shit. Really?
Okay. great.
You have no idea how happy
I am to hear you say that.
Yeah. I like this plan.
- You help me get Grace back...
- Not what I was saying.
- She ditches her bitch sister...
- Way off.
And that's when
I get my revenge.
Goodbye. Donny.
Fucking asshole.
Hey.
we just wanted to come by and let you know
that the apartment thing was not my idea.
so you shouldn't be mad at me.
Look. I promise this
wasn't some charity thing.
so if I did something
wrong. I'm sorry.
Nah. it's not that. it's fucking
Paul making me feel my feelings.
Look. I meant it when I said
everything in my life is going great.
So why am I so
scared to leave here?
I mean. look at this place.
Would you wanna
live here forever?
It's nice.
You can cook and pee
at the same time.
I just... I don't
feel ready to go.
What's wrong with me?
Nothing.
Let me tell you a little story.
When I was growing up. I was
an amazing water polo player.
When I was a sophomore. I was
already the star of the team.
So the coach asked me if I
wanted to be the captain.
Is this just a story
about how great you are?
So far. yeah.
But I said no.
I wasn't ready to tell a
bunch of seniors what to do.
Coach went with Eric
Waterman. who sucked.
But he had the
awesome last name.
Now I thought that I had lost my
chance at being captain forever.
I didn't beat myself up over it.
I just put my head down and I
worked at being a better player.
a better teammate.
And the next year. the
coach asked me again.
We won sectionals.
thanks to my three bar down goals
and a skip shot upper right.
I'm not gonna lie to you. dawg. I
don't know shit about water polo.
The point is. if you're
not ready. that's fine.
When you are ready. the universe
will present another opportunity.
Trust me.
You're all right. Derek.
I'm the best.
I need a beer.
Anybody else want one?
- Careful. that's hot.
- How's it going back there?
It's so rad. He's letting
me do designs in the lattes.
He's not good at it.
Dylan seems nice. Is
he an undercover cop?
I know. He looks 40.
I like that he can get us White
Claws and people call him sir.
- Yeah.
- Alice. listen.
I still don't know if you should
be here. I think it's okay
- that your dad's protecting y...
- Fuck my dad.
I'm here because
I wanna check in.
Thanksgiving is coming up
and holidays are tough.
Thanksgiving isn't
even a thing to me.
Brits don't need a special day to
celebrate stealing land from people.
To us. that's every day.
Plus. Eddy's invited me to a...
What're you calling it again?
Oh. Friendsgiving.
See. Alice. I'm good.
I'm going to Friendsgiving
and I'm bringing spotted dick.
Which he has assured
me is a pudding.
You shouldn't be sad about that.
I'm glad you're good.
I am.
And hey. maybe cut
your dad some slack.
Don't look at me.
I think all dads
deserve to be punished.
And not in a fun way.
My dad lost my birthday
money at the track.
and I moved out for five days.
That's a lovely story. Summer.
What? What's funny?
I could use a joke.
I ran into Donny.
Toxic narcissists
can't be treated.
but still I get sucked
in every once in a while.
Horrible joke.
- Yeah.
- So...
let me guess.
Back to looking for
patients to Jimmy.
so you can get a little
"I did good" buzz?
Sometimes I wish you
were a vampire. Paul.
Then you couldn't come in here
unless I invited you first.
Also. you would catch fire
if the sun touched you.
I told Sean something once
that I should've told you.
You can't hide from your trauma.
If you don't deal
with your past...
Cool explosion noise.
Thanks.
Great.
Alice is gonna crash
at Gaby's for a while.
"Sorry. just need
some space. pimp."
I'm guessing that
Summer wrote that.
Are you okay?
Am I okay? Yes. I've stayed at
my house alone before. Paul.
You know. I had a bad morning.
so I'm not in the mood.
I have been expecting this ever
since that guy walked in here.
You are this close
to a breakdown.
And when that happens.
you better fucking call me
because you've only
got two choices.
One. you get some help.
Or two. you go back to where
you were when Tia died.
And that scared me. man.
Listen. Paul. normally I would just
say what I know you wanna hear.
but I'm not in the
mood for bullshitting.
I'm not gonna call
you. I'll be okay.
So what are you gonna do?
Are you gonna find some other
patient to make all better?
'Cause I know you're jonesing
for a fix and this is your drug.
But take it from somebody who
knows. the drug wears off.
And that smile that you used to
have on your face for two weeks.
it's gonna last two minutes.
And then you know you're fucked.
I'm starting to feel like
this isn't about me. Paul.
And you know what? I'm not
jonesing for a fix. okay?
I'm not that desperate.
- Hey. Wally!
- Hi. Hey.
This isn't Bandit.
Okay. Hey. Bandit.
Yeah. she did tell
a lie. didn't she?
What a good Bandit.
How did you even end up talking
to Louis in the first place?
Yeah.
Oh. wow.
So he was hanging
around and I was like.
"Get away from this family.
scram." And he was like. "Sorry."
Absolutely not.
We're done with that.
Okay. gang.
Got a little TB in the house.
Got the sauce.
Yes.
Derrick. chalupa. Dry.
Chalupa. Hard.
- All right.
- Hey.
I'd like to ask that you never tell my
mom that I willingly let you crash here.
- I don't even know her.
- Yeah.
Also. don't tell any other Black
woman over the age of 60. okay?
That network runs deep. It's
like an Above-Ground Railroad.
It's Dylan.
He's nice but...
Nice. but? He gone.
Bye-bye. Dylan.
I told him about the
stuff with me and Dad.
and he's trying to
use it to get closer.
He literally wrote. "We'll
get through this together."
I'm sorry. he "we'd" you?
- He "we'd" you?
- He "we'd" me.
Nobody first person plurals
you without your permission.
Nobody "we'd" you
without your permission.
- Okay. all right.
- What?
- You know what you're doing.
- All right.
I've never really broken
up with anyone before.
I mean. with Connor. we
never really dated. so...
My poor. sweet. wimpy boy.
Guys. how do I break up with someone
without making me hate myself?
I broke up with my last girlfriend by
telling her I wanted to sleep with men.
You're welcome. Hello.
- Thank you so much.
- Well. I broke up with a girl
by telling her she looked exactly like
my cousin and I couldn't get past it.
Did she ask to see a pic?
I showed her a blurry photo
of herself. She bought it.
Look. the truth is.
hurting somebody sucks.
I mean. I try to be direct.
But at worst. I get noncommittal
and distant until they get the hint
and then end it for me.
Yeah. But are you sure
you wanna make a decision
based on something like that?
Well. it meant a lot to know
that you were that thoughtful.
Y'all. I'm thoughtful.
Also. that other couple. turns
out they're Disney adults.
They asked me to have a water
birth and name the baby Ariel.
Gross. You're not doing that.
I bet they do sex stuff
with the big ears.
Mickey Mouse. This is a Disney
thing. I'll fill you in in a second.
Just put it on speakerphone.
So I should go.
I gotta call Charlie.
This is insane.
Thank you.
We're getting the baby.
- We're gonna have a baby!
- Oh. my God.
- I'm so proud of you.
- Oh. thank you.
Congratulations.
You're gonna be really
happy together. Congrats.
- He's not home.
- It's been half a second. Wally.
Oh. damn it.
Hey... No way. Bandit.
Ah. God.
I missed you. Hey. get in there.
- Thank you so much.
- You're welcome.
We literally just found
him 15 minutes ago.
Maybe 20. I would say 25 tops.
Where?
In a well.
- Well?
- Yeah. 'cause we were out...
we were making a wish.
A wish to find Bandit.
And the craziest thing is. it
turns out wishing wells work.
So... who knew?
Yeah. real magic.
You know. these walls are
thin and about a week ago.
I heard you say. "Don't lick my
mouth and no poops on the bed."
You know what?
That was my nephew.
Braydon. He's 11.
- That's too old to poop on the bed.
- That's what I keep telling him.
Okay. Well. also the other day.
remember when I asked you why you
had so much hair on your clothes?
I told you then and I'll repeat it
now that I'm a barber in training.
- It's over. Wally.
- And there's... Okay.
I accidentally kidnapped
your dog. okay?
And he's a very good boy.
And I'm really sorry.
I'm just... I'm sorry.
- Jack?
- Yeah.
Look. she meant to return
the dog right away.
She got attached.
It'd be really cool if
you didn't press charges.
I didn't realize I
could press charges.
Just kidding. You
can't. Gotta go.
Oh. hey! Wanna help me pack?
'Cause I have to move now.
Wally. take a breath.
Don't bother. okay? There's
literally nothing you can say.
I'm proud of you.
You're drunk.
Wally. we've worked
together for two years.
Look how far you've come.
- You have OCD. right?
- Yes.
Well. you let a dog.
an animal that goes through the
world in permanent outside clothes
into your space.
Yes. what you did was
technically a crime.
It was also a huge victory.
I don't know.
He's not wrong.
You seem like a
different person.
Listen to the vent.
You let Bandit
sleep in your bed.
And he's got worms.
You know what. Jack? I'm
gonna take this one from here.
- You got it. dude.
- Cool. man! Thanks!
You okay?
It's stupid. but I'm gonna
miss that worm-ridden fur ball.
Jack. I'm actually gonna
tag you back in on this one.
Maybe I was thinking you
could walk him sometime.
I'd love that.
Sweet. Let's set something
up. What's your schedule like?
Well. Tuesdays I'm always done
after 6:00. but sometimes...
You know what? Hey. I'm gonna let you guys
start a fresh thread on this. all right?
- Sounds good.
- Cool. man.
I'm getting better. aren't I?
Every fucking day.
Thank you.
Okay.
For a baby party. I figured
I go more booby-forward
- 'cause babies dig boobs. right?
- Famously.
Hey. quick timeline check.
When do you want me to get
the hint and end it for you?
- What?
- Just checking.
What the fuck? Come on.
You know I like you.
This is confusing. I'm not used
to seeing you. like. insecure.
Yeah. it's a new color.
- Trying it out. not loving it.
- Yeah. me neither.
All right. new question.
Why don't you do
Thanksgiving with me?
I make an awful bone-dry turkey.
Okay. well. I would love to
choke on that with
you. but I can't.
Why not? I mean. if your
mom's still freezing you out.
you shouldn't be alone.
Just come with me.
I'm supposed to go to my aunt's
house. and she said it was cool.
So. it's not just you
and your mom. is it?
No.
Okay...
Are Derek. Liz and
the boys coming?
Jimmy. Alice. Brian.
Charlie? They're coming?
You have to nod again.
The first nod only
covered the first group.
Right.
Okay. Anybody else?
Couple people.
- My sister...
- Right.
Alice's little friend Summer.
This cool art gallery chick
that used to date my ex
until she realized
that he sucked.
- You have to invite her. obviously.
- I did.
I mean. she's got a
really sick and cool vibe.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Like. I thought we had
something good going.
- You're right. you should come.
- No. don't...
- That was... I'm being weird.
- Don't do that.
- That sucks.
- I know.
I'm sorry. It's just
that. like. I...
Every time I think about
letting you in. I panic
and then I shut down
and I don't know why.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm good.
'Cause I'm not the
one who's fucked up.
That's a really good line. You
should've walked out on that.
Yeah. I was just waiting
to make it land more.
It worked.
There you are.
Brian and Charlie
got their baby.
We're all going out to the
Cornhole Bar to celebrate.
That's great.
Okay. I'll meet you there.
- Cool.
Wow. hey. a long time.
What's up?
I don't know. Just dialed.
What are you up to tonight?
Oh. Jimmy. I don't
do that anymore.
I could probably find
some nice girls who do.
Give me a few minutes
and call me back.
But. Jimmy. I really
hope you don't.
And if that isn't enough.
she's gorgeous.
I'm going to be the proud father of
a baby with beautiful bone structure.
- I like that.
- Priorities definitely in place.
I am going to turn the baby
into the truck's mascot
and dress it up like
a little shrimp.
Oh. yes.
I hear you. That's really good.
I think we approve
of tiny shrimp baby.
- Yes.
- I'd like to give a toast
to the hottest
dads in the world.
Thank you.
Please say that again.
True that.
You okay?
Feel free to get sloppy.
Come on. baby. I love you.
Cornhole!
I can't wait to tell my
baby that I started that.
You didn't start that.
Yes. I did. I started that.
- I invented it!
- You did not invent cornhole!
Get out of the way!
Fuck off!
Hey.
It's me.
I told you you'd call.
I'm not okay. Paul.
Come on. Come on.